there's July the second three o'clock in
the afternoon I'm gonna do a little bit
of testing today I'm still working with
the akio's reels I will say thus far
I've been very very impressed with the
reels so much so that I have started to
sell them retail I really like them
today I'm throwing the larger real it's
the seven five seven c TM what this
stands for it's a 7,500 size reel CT
cage and a magnetic control
I'm very impressed I really really like
the reel on a lot of fronts it's it's
pretty to start with it's a nice-looking
reel I like the I really like the magnet
control it's a knobby but I don't know
if you can hear this but it's got a
click setting on it not it's not like
the shuttle which you rotate several
revolutions to get it completely on to
off this has got a minimum to maximum
looks like about ten or so denominations
or clicks in between the senate so you
can really fine tune into your cast this
reel is bone stock I took it out of the
box a couple of hours ago what I have
done to it is put a line on it
it came with four brake blocks in it I
removed two of the brake blocks so it's
got to brake blocks in the bearings
appeared to be full of grease so I took
the bearings out I put them in a dome
canister with lighter fluid for about 45
minutes cleaned him out some they're not
thoroughly clean but I did clean them
dried them put a drop of red rocket all
on them so very minimal work done to the
bearings but they were they had grease
and it would barely spend so that that
I've done but that's it it's basically a
bone stock wheel to the for brake blocks
removed and twenty pound test Sakuma for
so we're gonna see what you'll do again
Oh Kives seven five seven CTM cast Pro
Series 13 foot six to ten plug for the
rod and I really believe this is going
to be one heck of a drum fishing outfit
here we go
a Durst outcast
this reel is very very tame I've been
running it with two brake blocks and the
Magnus on various settings at the last
three for two or three casts have been
with zero mags so what I'm doing I've
removed to the last to break block so
I've got zero brake blocks working on
the magnet so we're going to see how she
flies I will start out with a setting
with 13 clicks minimum to maximum I'm
going toward maximum probably four
clicks off from maximum just to see how
she feels here with the without any
break
okay there's still July 2nd the second
part of my testing today I finished up
testing the seven five seven CTM I
really like the real is very smooth it's
a larger real perfect size for catching
big drum here on the North Carolina
coast
I hold 320 yards a 20 pound test line
which is a good size reel my best cast
with it was the last cast it was 564
feet which is a pretty good cast
considering 20 pound test and that size
of a real with a Hatteras style cast not
a ground cast I was very happy with it
the real came alive as I I took the last
set of break blocks out and was
operating just on the magnet it really
came alive I think in a fishing
configuration I would leave the two
brake blocks in and adjust the Magnus is
needed because I had to put a pretty
good amount of Magnus only control
anyway great reel I like it I'm glad I'm
selling because I'm definitely gonna
fish